All right we are on we are on are similar are similar was a fun one and actually stopped me for about
a minute or two as I was trying to find actual nature to for a minute.
You give up think.
And so our objective here is we give in to race and we want to see if they are similar are similar being
that if we swapped a value for we swap values from one array to another a single value would they be
the same.
So in our case here in and with an array one to three and one two three we could swap one with the one
and it would be a true value.
Now you can see here one two three two one three with these values and it would still be a similar value.
But however when you get to 1 to 2 and 2 1 1 it be false because there is no way for us to swap them.
So hence I used to string and I actually used reverse as well.
I forgot to add that in there the array methods are reversed.
So those are your hints.
That's how I solve this along with a lot of logic.
And let's go ahead and see what it.
So the first thing that we can do is what we know that there is a a value that is completely the same.
We can meaning the array value is in order and so we just return true because in those cases it will
always pass and we do something like this if
if a two string is equally equal to be not too string
we just go ahead and return true.
And of course we need to use this like so very nice.
So it's going to handle the cases when they're already the same values.
We can swap them.
We know that and that that's good to go.
So the way that I solve this was I created to a race that I called C and D.
Probably not the best names.
But we then iterate through the first array A or B.
Doesn't really matter.
And then we say look if ii is not equal to B of I meaning that value does not equal that.
Go ahead and push it to erase see go ahead and push BVI to a Radie.
We then are going to reverse the value in the in the array and then we're going to do a check.
Did we only push two values here.
The reason for here for this is those two values to see for instance that well tell us if we made only
one swap right because if you swap you could swap twice.
Essentially if you think about it and.
And we're going to say hey is when we make see India string art are they matching after reverse.
D Because in theory d the Radie will have been reversed.
And when we it will be the swapped values that is in C and if those are the same it's true everything
else is false.
So that's a lot of talking.
Let's go ahead and get a little bit more or so we're going to create a see here and this is going to
be a number.
All right.
So this you go to like so and then we're going to create a list here.
And the reason this is a light is because we're going to be re-assigning the value using the reverse
array method in a minute here so that's why that one is of course all left very nice.
Now what we want to do is want to iterate through like so with
a for loop and we say I's less than a length.
Plus plus So we want to iterate through the whole loop.
Now we're going to see if VI is not equal to be of II because remember they're the same length so we
can do this just because I have to worry about it failing or anything like that.
What we want to hear is we want to go ahead and push
to see.
And when I go and push the of-I Judy.
So this is going to give us the swopped values when they're not equal very nice art.
So now that we've done that we will go ahead and do our check before we do our check because the swab
values because D needs to be the reverse of C or is the reverse of C when it works.
Well we need to do is we need to take D and we're going to regress for versey because that's going to
account to see hey did our swap work.
Did our swap make sense here.
And if it is great if we didn't.
Well it's false.
So we're going to at the end here return false.
I should set that up because in this instance we're checking all the Truthy cases.
So we need to check that only a single swap has been made which would set C's length to say that length
is equal equal to two because in theory there can be two numbers wrong.
So there can be two swaps.
And then we have to check now that C when we convert it to a string is exactly equal to D.
When we convert it to a string
if both are true we can now return true.
And we pass all of our cases quite a bit going on in this one when you first look at it.
Little bit jumbled.
Probably a better way to solve this.
This was how I solved it.
I found this to be a a difficult one for me at least conceptually about how to go about this and how
but this was how I solved and and will be helpful.